## Problem
it is important to have the network running perfectly in a high critical mission network. The problem itself is found in a huge network based on its peers, if one of them lost, the whole network will have a trouble. This lost peer might have a specific task to do, and that task will not be done as the assigned peer to this task is dead.

## Solution


By implementing an algorith to decide what to do in the case of loss of peer, choosing enough peers and choosing the correct peer. Each peer in the net-work will be provided with this agent all of them are the same in taking actions, it just differs from one to another depends on the situation, which means all the nodes are equal, there is no master or slave. The agents on the nodes will cooperate in our P2P net-work and handle the loss of peer, providing a high-quality safety in high critical mission network. In other words, the nodes can decide what to do in critical situations. OLSR protocol will be implemented for the nodes to see each other and can find the best route between the source node and the destination node. On lose of peer, the node immediate-ly starts to search for other nodes that has the needed constraints and that can offer the needed data, and it keeps doing that in case the peer was lost again, till it receives the in-formation needed with the needed constraints. Choosing the correct peer was done by settings some policies, the most important one was the distance between the source and destination, the node might find 2 nodes that can support it with the needed information but those 2 nodes are in different positions which means different distances, so trac-eroute was used in this matter to chose the best one to receive the help from.
